---
tags: Jenkins X, TOC
---
# Jenkins X Technical Oversight Committee (TOC) meeting October 16th 2024

## Participants

- Mårten Svantesson
- Archie Skeoch
- Gonzalo Diaz

## Minutes

- The helm chart repository for bank-vaults (https://kubernetes-charts.banzaicloud.com/) has been shut down. The 
  new repository (which is an OCI one) does not hold the version of bank-vaults currently specified in our version 
  stream. Due to this we will:
  - upgrade bank-vault to the latest version
  - upgrade vault to the latest mature version, to keep things in synch
  - add support for OCI helm chart repositories in the version stream
- The latest versions of the cert-manager helm chart includes a schema for values. Since we add the jx-values.
  yaml to the values and upgraded cert-manager automatically this broke the boot job for those upgrading their 
  clusters and using cert-manager.
  - To fix this we have:
    - downgraded the cert-manager chart to the latest version without a schema
    - removed automatic upgrades of cert-manager
  - As a long term fix for handling schemas for chart values we will:
    - add support for opting out of adding jx-values.yaml to the values of a release using labels
    - support adding labels for a release via the version stream
- Since the Long Term Support repository has not been maintained for several years we will now discourage people 
  from using it.
- Support for Go 1.23 is added to jx3-pipeline-catalog. We will not strive to upgrade all repositories to Go 1.23 
  now, but the focus is still to get away from versions below 1.22.
